[theme music]
toot
[instrumental music]
Hmm, hamburgers!
slurp slurp
[humming]
Oh, let's see.
Push this over.
Is that so?
Wait..
Alright, I'll give you
one more chance.
Oh, yeah?
I'll teach you the lesson..
Yeah. Well, that there is over.
Oh, boy!
Now easy..
Elbow's in.
There you are.
Hmm, nosey..
Huh-ha! Hmm.
I'd like to have ten dollars
for these knives.
Well, let's see.
Just a minute.
They're only worth 50 cents.
Argh!
I want ten dollars!
She said 50 cents.
- No.
- No?
- Ten dollars.
- 'Ten dollars.'
Oh, make up our minds!
I'll show you how good
these knives are.
Oh, jump in a lake.
[instrumental music]
They got me.
Well, sir.
Well, how do you do?
I'm gonna show you
a little trick as well.
Well, that's what we do.
Yes, sir.
[laughing]
- It's a great insult.
- Is that so?
Well, what are you gonna
do with that glove?
Where did you get this?
Why, I'll take you
and I'll..
...I'll insult you.
Well, now you watch.
Well, that's all
there is to that.
Argh!
Whoa, my!
Holy!
What a guy!
What a..
clank
- Come and get me.
- 'Where is he?'
plop plop
crash
Oh!
Look out, Popeye!
Come on there. Fight.
clank
Where is he?
Ah, there you are.
tring
Oh, Popeye, it's time
for your lunch.
Hurry!
Oh, oh!
[theme music]
clank clank
Oh!
pop
[instrumental music]
Ow, ah!
[giggling]
Oh!
Oh, who did that?
♪ Popeye the Sailor Man ♪
toot toot
[theme music]